Mr. Lu, I know what you want to say
But I can only say sorry to you.
Because I have decided
Hahaha Second Young Master is honest and trustworthy
Haha, he is worthy of being a child of the family.
This, this, hahaha.
Second Young Master, please take a look.
No, I trust you.
Did Lu Chaoyue see it?
My dad owns 20% of the shares
Plus this 15%
30% in total
Completely more than 30% of your dad's
Now my dad is the chairperson of Blue Cloud Group
Is there anything else to say?
I have something to say too
I almost forgot about you if you didn't speak
I'll have HR fire you in a while
Then find someone else
Find you slowly
Xiaofan, you trash
If I were you, I would run out and hide by now
It's a dead thing
Okay, I won't play with you anymore
Bitch Xiaofan
Are you crazy?
You dare to command
Second sister-in-law, do you know so little?
President Europe
As long as you sign the contract
The shares copied by Sun Kuo and I are all yours